# Induction-programm-
Name:-Lovelesh 
### ai Robotics 
# Day 1
Our first day of college was spent visiting Gurudwara shaib. We enjoyed Kirtan there. We felt sleepy after some time. After that we came out of Gurudwara shaib. After coming out we were given tea, bread pakoda, gulab jamun, water and cold drink for refreshment. At 11 o'clock we went inside the auditorium where the principal, teachers and staff of the college welcomed us with great enthusiasm. They guided us for the future and told us about the helps of discipline and financial support.
# Day 2
On day 2 we were most excited to go to college as it was a whole new day for us. First we were told about the foundation which was being organised by Dr. Priya Darshini Ma'am. She told us a lot about human needs, relationships and correct understanding. We got to learn a lot from her.2 Before the beginning of the lecture we were told about the benefits of true scholarship and needy children were asked to take the scholarship.2 Lecture by our Dr. I met Dhingra and he told us about his organisation STEP and TAC. They gave detailed information about engineering skills and events. After the break, our English and maths proficiencies were tested, some questions were solved by us and some were left without preparation.last i was see my department labs and professors of machenical department .
# Day 3
day 3 First of all we met the custom club of our college. They told us about their club's events, fests and department wise clubs. They showed their college's events and fest real on their social handle and asked us to join their custom club. And asked us to join the college's NCC and NSS group. 2nd lecture Ours again had a lecture on human universal value which was being taken by Dr. Priya Darshini Maam. She again gave detailed information about human fulfilled needs. But due to too much time taking, the lecture started seeming boring to the students. The students were disrespecting Maam by clapping repeatedly. Maan was showing a lot of anger to the students. Harmara Gautam sir was taking 3 lectures, his topic was on motorsports, he gave a lot of information about car engines. After the break our P2P session started. He gave us coding and other life engineering tips.
# Day 4
Today on day 4 our class was a bit late. Today first of all I met Gautam Sir. He is a genius mechanical engineer. His topic was on motorsports. His lecture today was on cars and his engineering visions. He had a lot of knowledge about motorsports like when and how an engineer should work. One of our seniors had made an Arduino model car, which had won the winning price last year in Gndec. The second lecture was taken by our Mrs. Shaffy Makkar ma'am. which was on "millet super food". Leaving aside today's millets, he gave detailed information about old millets. He gave benefits of millets and cooking tips in detail. His lecture proved to be very beneficial.
# Day 5
Today there was a college karpancwa induction program. The first lecture today was given by Dr. Parmider Singh which was on college society and college facilities. He gave information on infrastructure, rules, scholarships, parking, sports club, library, society clubs, annual events and college history. The second lecture was on our "fitness for engineers" which was given by Sir Mr. Manpreet Singh. He gave detailed information on fitness guidance. He made many students do body push-ups. His lecture was enthralling. He cleared the students' fitness doubts. The third lecture was on our NCC club. The brigaders were taking P.S cheema. She gave a lot of information about the life of defense and she entertained the students a lot with her poems. Many students made efforts to join NCC. There was a break after the lecture. After the break, our P2P lecture was on coding. Third year students gave a lot of coding information like C++. She helped the freshers a lot. Our next lecture was on English which was being taken by Prof. Nisha ma'am. She made the students aware about communication and introduction. Engineer students should be perspective of speaking English.
# Day 6
Today was the 6th day of our college. Today our ID card formalities were being done, which was in the TCC seminar hall. First of all I got the photocopy of my Aadhar card from the college stationery. I got my signature and registration number noted down. My picture and signature were taken. After that I explored the college. After the break our prof. Lakhwinder Singh gave information about CMT club and its events. He gave information about training sessions, plans of foreign engineering and told about the welcome provided by such courses. Next lecture he talked about NNS society. First of all we enjoyed doing Kirtan. Lastly he talked about helping his society and environment. His volunteers entertained a lot and played games.
